Hey, everybody. Welcome to the live stream. Super excited to have you here today and be
here with Michael and with everybody online. This is just, it's a treat every week. So
let's just jump in and get started. Hello and welcome to Python Bytes, where we deliver
Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds. This is episode 303, recorded September
27th 2022 and I am Brian Okken and I'm Michael Kennedy
And
We've got a lot of great stuff to talk about today and it's a wonderful September day
It's finally kind of not feeling like the blazing summer, but it's still too hot. But yeah
It's that lovely fall before it rains for 120 days straight the pre fake fall. Yeah
All right, well
- What are you gonna--
- The Python news still flows in the fall.
- Yes.
- Got all sorts of good stuff.
- Yeah.
- But what I got on deck for us is a bit of a follow-up.
So I got this message from Mikhail Honkala,
who sent over this repo that he put together.
Says, "You spoke about,"
what was it called?
The regex library from Al Swigert.
>> Yeah. Humre.
>> Humre. I said, "You know what?
There's a bunch of these projects I'd
really like to get my head around them."
He went to all the trouble to do a whole research project.
>> How awesome.
>> A categorization or a taxonomy of
these different libraries which is really fantastic.
I'm linking to his GitHub repository that's basically a read me.
I mean, GitHub's kind of the new blog for code analysis.
And it says, RE for humans,
regular expressions for humans.
And it says, there's a bunch of different options.
This list could be useful to help you decide,
you know, if you're looking for a tool,
you'll just know what's out there
and you'll get a quick look and feel
of how each library's API is.
Or if you're thinking about building a tool,
you can check out the alternative approaches
and either contribute to an existing package
or see if your thing is truly unique.
And if you're building a tool or already have one,
you can communicate your differences
compared to the other libraries.
Okay, so there's a bunch of packages listed here
with some code examples.
So the first one,
Mikhail calls flow style regular expression generators.
I would call them fluent style,
but where you say, you know,
function call dot function call dot function call dot function call.
Basically, the result of working with a library or calling a function,
it returns the same thing again and again.
And you can kind of build it up.
Like ORMs are a lot like this.
You know, you say like objects dot filter dot order by dot limit dot sort,
like that kind of model.
OK, so these include Python verbal expressions,
edify, mre, regularize, and re_patterns.
They all are similar but not the same.
So I'll just, I'll read something off the top one,
the Python verbal expressions.
You would say ver x for version expression,
dot anything, dot then space, dot then left bracket,
dot or, parenthesis, so square bracket or,
you know, open square bracket, open parenthesis,
then dot anything.
And that'll generate a regular expression
that would then go and match basically like star
and then space and then either square bracket
or parenthesis open.
What do you think?
- I don't know if we're getting better
than actual regular expressions at this point.
- All right, well, let's go to the next category then.
These are categorized as plus style
regular expression generators.
I would call them ones that like overload operators, right?
They override what plus means and the pipe what that means.
And it's a little bit like what PathLab does
for forward slash or time delta, right?
So here I could say, you know, this includes the humor.
That's the one from Al Swarger.
So this, let's see, which one of these do I think
that I like the best?
I'll probably go with this first one here.
So you could say capture one or more of anything uppercase
plus the empty string or the string of the space rather,
plus either the open parentheses
or the open square bracket.
Is that one, do you like this style better?
- Well, I'm probably a bad one to ask
because I actually, I don't have a problem
with regular expressions.
- Sure, well, neither of these two
are my favorite style either.
I actually think I would use the format strings,
which is the third category.
The reason I say that is it's really different
than regular expressions where these are kind of like
a semantic wrapper on regular expressions.
There's like a way, like I call functions,
I give a name to the thing instead of just the symbol,
like plus versus, you know, plus star, star, dot star.
It could be anything or you could say anything.
Also, with all of these, they have a special syntax that they use.
So you don't have to learn regular expressions exactly,
but you still have to learn their syntax.
>> Yeah, that's true. So when I might use one of these libraries is when it's
like not enough to go do full on regular expressions,
but find is not sufficient or index, things like that.
That's these string format styles.
So if you knew I had like a log file or something and it said power colon some number
Percent a string and then a temperature than another number
You could just say power. This is the scan F library power colon percent F bracket percent
percent s comma and then temp so you you basically
The the format string you would use to generate this thing can now be used to parse it in reverse
And so it'll say you have to have the word power colon and then a floating point number and then and so on
That's the older that's the Python 2 style. I suppose
then you have pars and
simple match
Which are both much more
F string style so you so they have these are great. So like I'm looking at parse and that looks yeah
So here, yeah, it says,
here's the regular expression pattern thing you would make.
You would say, just as a string,
to get curly bracket amount colon D,
item colon W, meet me at curly time.
It just goes and finds the amount,
the time, and the item as a beautiful,
basically it's a reverse F string is what it is.
So if you can express what you're looking for as an F string,
then all of a sudden you can get it back.
So for those kinds of matches,
I think it's pretty different than a regular expression.
>> It is, but it's especially those ones where you're not just trying to match
a string but you're trying to pull data out.
>> Yes.
>> Where the regular expressions really get ugly.
>> They do. I got to have a capture group and all this stuff.
You're like, "Oh, geez,
how do I do that again?"
>> Exactly. The capture groups,
and it's guaranteed to confuse somebody on your team,
but something like this, I think it's pretty neat.
- Yeah, it does mean the data has to be more structured,
but if it's highly unstructured,
go crazy with regular expressions.
If you just need more than, like I said,
a little more than finder index, this is pretty cool.
- Yeah, yeah, there's some wacky things
that really you need to jump into regular expressions
or the other kinds.
- Indeed.
All right, well, Mikkel put,
- Okay.
- And then a little bit more diving into each of these
and some comparisons and whatnot.
So you can check this out.
It's really good work.
If you know of other ones,
maybe contribute to them or add some more explanations,
but there you have it.
- This is really nice, yeah.
- Yeah, this is real nice.
I'm gonna start.
It looks like I may have already started, so let's go.
- Cool.
- Thanks, Mikael, for sending that in and creating it.
- Well, what do I got?
I got a couple of things.
I got just some sort of newsish sort of things.
So I've been new playing with Pydantic and FastAPI and-
- Nice. - A lot.
And with that, you've got types.
So you're intentionally adding types,
not just because you want my PY to pass,
but you're adding types because it helps you.
You kind of have to for FastAPI and stuff and Pydantic.
So one of the things I was curious about
is the whole, the optional part,
because somebody actually caught me on this.
I have this, I tend to just say like,
int X equals none, or no, X of type int equals none.
And that means it's supposed to be an integer
or it's supposed to be a string or something,
but it doesn't have anything yet.
So the default value is none,
but none is obviously not a string or an integer.
So what do you do?
And so there's like a bunch of options.
One, you could just say, well, the language allows it.
So I'm gonna do it anyway, but I don't recommend that.
The other is one option is to use optional,
but there's some issues with that.
We'll talk about those in a sec.
And then another is just to a union or in,
So you can use either use like int or int bar none
or union of int and none, and then assign it to none.
And so I read for a while, like when I,
I'm like the language allows it just go fine.
'Cause what I really mean, my intent is
I expect somebody to pass in, in this case, an integer.
But if nobody passed, if they don't pass anything in,
I want the function to handle that case also.
And so that's what the none is for.
The union is a little weird
because it says you can pass in a none.
And that would be weird for somebody to pass in none,
but that's what our language is also.
It like, that's the default.
So I put out this, I put out a little survey,
the recommendation that of the 630 votes,
the was either use the union or optional.
People are kind of on the fence about that.
But so Adam Johnson says,
replied to just the other day said,
well, mypy just released and they don't deprecate this yet,
but there's gonna be a future deprecation
of implicit optional types.
So you kind of can't use the old style
if you're using mypy also, you should move.
- The old style being int equals none?
- Yeah, of just like ignore the type
- Yeah. - For the default value.
So mypy, the mypy 0.981,
I don't know why we're not,
where it's zero version still, but whatever.
But it has, it talks about implicit optional type.
So this, yeah, I'm saying it's a string,
but the default value is none.
That's bad.
We don't want that anymore.
What we want is optional will say will work
and it'll say, you know, then this is the weird part.
So the weird part is optional isn't optional.
So what I'd like to use is optional,
like in FastAPI, it looks nice to say
this variable is optional,
but what really optional means is just that
optional just translates to the type or none.
That's it.
Those are the types.
It doesn't say it's actually optional.
It's only optional if you have a default value.
Default value makes it very optional.
- Yeah, you can have a thing that explicitly says
this type is optional, but it's a required parameter,
which is a little odd, right?
- Yeah.
(laughing)
What's up with that?
Yeah, so a required optional.
So anyway.
- Yeah, the third parameter named such and such
of this type is required,
but it's literally of type optional.
Yeah, I hear you.
Okay, that makes sense.
- So the basic gist is you have to pick,
you got to pick either optional,
use an optional and then assign it to none
or use a union.
But another, you know, another option
is just to actually assign something other than none.
So if it's a string,
you could have a flag value to say like-
- A sentinel.
- Yeah, like an empty string,
Like a great one for a string is empty string.
The problem is with numbers,
like a floating pointer and integer number,
there aren't any sentinels.
I mean, I guess you could use nan, not a number,
but that's weird.
Anyway, wanted to reference typing.
So just to say my proof that optional is really
just the union of the type of none.
It doesn't say anything.
And they explicitly say in the Python documentation
that you can, basically you don't have to use option,
the keyword option, or you could just put a default value.
That makes it optional, but it's only a type.
Anyway, the other thing,
the last bit I wanted to talk about with this
is the best introduction.
If you're confused, like I still am apparently, about this,
the best discussion that I've found
is in the FastAPI docs and go to,
there's a Python types intro,
And like at the top part way down, it says possibly none.
And it discusses all of this.
And the FastAPI recommendation is to use union
instead of optional.
And I think I've finally gotten there
that I think I prefer just the either union
or if you're in the bar thing.
So you can say type or like type bar none.
And that's if you're only, if you're Python 3.10, that works.
but if you're on the others, I would use union.
So that's a lot.
- There's a bit of a voting in the audience.
Alvaro says, "Int or none,"
which is a voting for that one.
Anthony says, "I prefer optional of int equals none myself."
I also concur with Anthony,
but I still very much would love
to see some language syntax that's a little bit cleaner.
like in C#, in Swift, they just have question mark
at the end to say it's either can be none
or it can be its value.
And it's just such a common thing to set something to none
and then, or alternatively have its value
that I would just, I would love to see some kind
of simpler syntax there than we see now, but.
- Yeah, or some other Sentinel that like,
Like SQL, doesn't SQL have like null or something like that?
That's just, that's not a legitimate value for anything.
- Yeah, and also if we use, by the way,
one more reason I think people would want the question mark
or something I think would be cool
is it gives you this tonal inflection, right?
Like this function takes an int, boom, hard, hard stop.
Like that means it has to be an int, or it's like an int.
Well, then you're not sure, it's optional.
- Or you're not sure what type it is.
- Yeah.
- I think it's an int.
- Yeah, so int question mark, come on.
It's in a lot of the other languages that have this like
things that can't be nullable
unless you express their null.
You say they can possibly take on their value or null.
Anyway, I know this has been discussed and shot down,
but let's make it happen.
- And I was pretty sure you could do this.
Thank you, Alvaro mentioned that you can use
from future important annotations to use the bar
for everything on three, eight and above.
So that's good.
And, but like, like for, like if I'm doing a FastAPI
the optional is really what I mean.
And that, that, I mean, it's optional
but it's frustrating that the type optional
doesn't actually fill in anything.
- Yeah. Yeah.
So a bit of a mismatch there.
- Okay. That's enough.
- That is enough, enough on that.
It is so good though.
Good stuff that those types are there.
Brian, you wanna tell us about our sponsor for the week?
- Sure.
So Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub, it's very cool.
So Microsoft, this episode of Python Bytes
is brought to you by Microsoft for Startups.
And the Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub
provides all founders at any stage
with free resources to help you solve startup challenges.
And it's a platform,
the platform provides technology benefits,
access to expert guidance and skilled resources,
mentorship and networking connections and so much more.
And those skilled resources and the one-on-ones
and the networking, it's so valuable.
So unlike others in the industry,
Microsoft for Startup Founders Hub
doesn't require startups to be investor-backed
or third-party validated to participate.
It's truly open and you don't have to live in San Francisco.
So what do you get?
You get free access to GitHub and Microsoft Cloud
with the ability to unlock credits over time.
And they also have partnered with innovative companies
like OpenAI, a global leader in AI research and deployment
to provide exclusive benefits and discounts.
Through the Founders Hub,
becoming a founder is no longer about who you know.
You'll have access to their mentorship network,
giving you access to a pool of hundreds of mentors
across a range of disciplines,
across areas like validation, fundraising,
management and coaching, sales and marketing,
as well as specific technical stress points.
And you know that there's at least one or two
of those fields that you need help in.
You'll be able to book a one-on-one meeting
with the mentors,
of whom were former founders themselves.
Make your ideas a reality today with
a critical support you get from the Founders Hub.
To join the program, visit
pythonbytes.fm/foundershub2022.
Of course, the link is in our show notes.
>> Absolutely. Thank you, Microsoft.
Let's talk about linters.
I know you're a fan of linting code
and making it look good, as am I.
But if you did Cython,
you might not be able to get great information about it.
So Marco Gorelli sent in this project
that he's just getting started called CythonLint.
So have you done much Cython?
I know you do C and you do Python,
but do you live in this weird metal ground?
- I don't, but I want to, or maybe I don't, I don't know.
- I think it's pretty neat.
There's a bit of a build step you got to go through
to get code that will run,
but the ability to just say,
I wrote Python, it has type-ins,
like, oh, let's just do a little bit different code,
and now it runs at C speed for just like a function or two.
I think that's a pretty appealing idea.
And Cython is definitely a good way to do that.
So Cython lint will go through
and you can just pip install it
and then run it as a command line, give it your files,
or you can even install it as a pre-commit hook.
And then, you know, it'll just, whenever you commit,
it'll obviously run as well.
Just like the no QA in Flake 8,
there's a hash no Cython lint to turn off the lines.
And it, right now, mostly checks things around variables,
but he's working on more and hopefully other people
out there are interested in this
and can add some ideas too.
- This is really cool.
And I hope that he does get people helping out
and adding to this.
Definitely it was something needed.
- Yeah, he said he ran it on Pandas, NumPy,
scikit-learn and QPy and found ways
in which all those libraries could be cleaned up.
So pretty neat.
And all those libraries are notable
because they're really highly, highly used
and have been around for a long time.
So if this is finding issues with them,
then maybe it points out that something like this
should exist.
- Yeah, definitely.
- Yeah, cool.
So not a whole lot more to say about it.
You know, Cython's cool.
Having some more tools to support it, also cool.
- Yeah.
I've got another sort of possibly short topic.
I found out about this cool diff tool called Difftastic.
Have you seen this before?
- I don't think so.
- So-- - I'm always looking
for a better diff tool.
I'm never really content with my diff tools.
I use one called Beyond Compare.
It looks like it's cutting edge out of the early 90s.
(laughing)
It's useful, but boy.
- So I'm finding that also,
so I use diff a lot, but I also use it a lot
within, with respect, like within, with Git.
So I do, you know, you're doing a Git diff
of older versions or something.
So diff-tastic is,
how it stands out against other diff tools
is it's not line-based.
So it's a structural diff tool that understands syntax.
So what it does is it evaluates the language
and tries to determine what language the file is in.
And then if it, like, and it's got a ton of languages.
And if you, it figures out like it's Python, for instance,
or any other language,
it creates an abstract syntax tree of the files
and then checks the differences of those.
So in the past, like one of the things that messes things up
is just spacing problems.
Like in something like C or C++
where spacing doesn't matter,
you can just say, well, ignore white space.
But in Python, you really can't say ignore white space
because white space is significant.
But with the Difftastic, the diffs will know you can,
if it's significant white space, it'll tell you.
So I tried this out this morning
And it's pretty amazing.
So I tried it.
So the thing I tried was replacing with the diff tool.
So there's a, with Git.
So in Git, you can say,
and I just tried this single line thing
to just temporarily say, I wanna try Git diff,
it has is diff T instead of Git diff.
So what this does is it does a diff
And there's ways in the documentation
where you can permanently turn it on, but it's colorized.
So you've got like syntax highlighted files side by side
and it'll show you what's different
and it highlights the difference.
Well, I got a little bit confused
because there's syntax highlighting
and highlighting to show you the difference.
So there's a flag
and I'm not sure where it is in the documentation,
but basically you just turn off,
you say dash test syntax highlight equals off.
So it turns off the file syntax,
but it shows, so all the highlights are just diffs.
And so like, if you normally say get diff,
just without anything, it'll say,
what's different about my file versus the last version
or the working directory or whatever,
like what it usually does the right thing.
(laughs)
And then, but it's like on top of each other.
It's not side by side.
So having it side by side is cool and having a highlight.
So I had some code where I changed stuff
and I've been working on it a month ago or so.
And I forgot what I did
and get diff showed me just tons of changes.
But diff-tastic showed me that I was just changing
some minor things like adding types,
a couple of types here and there,
or changing double quotes or single quotes to double quotes.
So I apparently ran black on it at one point.
And there was like, oh, since AST wise,
there's really nothing different.
So I can just commit this and be done with it.
So it was really helpful.
- It is a pretty interesting idea, right?
Sometimes you really care about
those little formatting differences
and you wanna make sure they get merged and committed.
And other times you wanna know
what is the essence of the change?
And this sounds like that'll answer that.
That's pretty cool.
- And it showed me a bunch of stuff that
Git says there were file changes,
but Difftastic said there's no syntax change.
So I apparently had changed some, you know,
like some formatting or something or brand black on it,
but there was nothing significant change.
So interesting on that.
And apparently this was a huge pain in the butt to make.
And there's a, we're going to link to a blog article
called "Difftastic the Fantastic Diff"
by Wilfred Hughes, who wrote it,
that basically said he thought this was gonna be
sort of a minor thing to build,
and it was a big thing to build.
- Six months later.
- Yeah, I'm not sure how long he spent on it, but yeah.
But yeah, and here's an image
of the little different highlighting,
the colors and changes and stuff.
So anyway, it's nice.
- Yeah, looks like a great tool.
I've never heard of it.
Thanks for finding it.
Alvaro out there says code --diff.
I'm guessing that's VS Code diff.
I've never done anything with VS Code diff.
- I haven't used that for my command line.
I should try that.
- Yeah, perhaps.
Okay, also one that I've been looking at
that I haven't gone and used
is this one called Kaleidoscope.
That's just for Mac only.
But it looks pretty interesting.
It's supposed to work on code,
but also on like directories,
but images and other documents as well.
So I don't know, maybe someday.
The only challenge, it looks beautiful.
The only problem, it's not a problem,
it's the thing that has held me back is it's $150.
So it better be darn good.
At least there's a free trial.
Maybe I'll try it someday.
- I volunteer you to try it out and get back to us.
(laughing)
- Exactly, let me know how that goes.
- Yeah.
- All right, well, that's our items, right?
I got an extra if you're ready.
- Yeah, let's go to extras.
- So this is not a Python thing,
but a thing that developers may be interested in.
Have you heard of NextDNS?
- No.
- So one of the things that's a big hassle
is spyware tracking,
all sorts of trackers like fingerprinters
and Facebook cookies
and all these different things that are trackers,
which is not lovely, but also malware as well.
And a lot of those are being served off
of third-party domains.
So there's this product called NextDNS,
and I'd never heard of it,
but apparently it more or less acts like a firewall
by not allowing malicious or unwanted things
to resolve over DNS.
- Wow.
So what you do is you just set it up,
you just set your DNS server to be 1724,
or whatever their DNS server number is.
And then everything goes through there.
And if it says, hey, we're trying to go to DoubleClick,
you know, like, no, we don't know what DoubleClick is,
it's not on the internet, I'm sorry.
And just, there's no more ads.
So it blocks a lot of the ads and trackers.
And because it's a DNS service
and not like an ad blocker in your browser,
it works on whole devices.
So you could set it up on say your router
and then everything including your television
and the mobile apps and everything on,
they would all get this blocking,
which I think is pretty cool, pretty interesting.
- Yeah, I'm definitely gonna check this out.
- I'm not quite ready to set it up on my router yet
because every now and then you basically are forced
to turn off your ad blocker for some small, weird website,
or do I want to impose this on my wife?
Maybe.
Maybe not.
Do I want the tech support that like--
so I'm on the fence, but I think it's a neat idea,
and I might play with it as well.
You can always get it and just set it on your computer, right?
But if you wanted to like--
every device I have automatically
gets malware and ad tracker blocking.
Just put it on your router.
- Yeah, so one of the things,
oh, do you have any other extras?
- No, that's it.
- Okay, so one of the things I've been trying
to block ads and stuff is I found out about this,
a VPN called Malvad, I don't even know how to pronounce that.
But it's been pretty good.
It blocks a whole bunch of stuff.
Of course, switching to Vivaldi helps.
You can have Vivaldi block stuff.
but Movad is so, so like
into security that it doesn't even ask for a password
or an email account or anything.
So what you do is when you sign up,
it gives you an account number
and you just have to write that down and use that.
And to pay for things you can use,
they encourage you to use cryptocurrency or something,
but you can use cards or whatever,
but that potentially could tie you to them, right?
So they also allow you to just put money in an envelope
with your account number and just mail it to them.
(laughing)
- That's awesome.
- They'll add money to your account.
So anyway, that's pretty neat.
- I've done a massive amount of research on VPNs
and there's a really whole bunch of shady ones out there,
but Mulvane and Nord VPN,
those two come out really, really good.
And so I've heard of great stuff from all that.
I use Nord VPN.
And the reason I'm not using Next DNS or something like it
is I just run Nord VPN and everything
and check the block all the ads over that as well.
So it's very, very similar.
So yeah, I think this is a great solution
and basically do the same thing.
- I also wanted to remind everybody that the current,
this is a little bit old news,
but the current Python 3.11 is Python 3.11.0 RC2.
Definitely worth people trying out.
And definitely if you've got a module that you're,
you should have been doing this already, shame on you.
But if you've got a package out there on PyPI
and people are using it,
you should be updating your testing
to make sure that it's testing the latest Python 3.11
to make sure it continues to work.
The last extra I wanted to bring up is I saw this
- Oh my. - called Oh My Git.
And so this ends up being, what it is,
is it's a little game and it's a little weird,
but I tried it out, downloaded and tried it out.
And so you've got most of it's like this sort of a view.
And so you got like a,
there's a workspace area in the middle,
there's cards at the bottom
and the cards are skills that you get.
But it's in the, and on the right,
there's a description of what you want to do.
And you have to like learn the Git commands
to do something like rebasing or merging or whatever.
And I started out at the,
trying out at the very beginning, the basic stuff.
And it actually was, the introduction was pretty cool.
And then, but what I really like is that you can just go
to the course, the available lessons.
You don't have to do it in order.
You can jump out of order and just hop ahead
to something else that you're having problems with
and sort of have a visual introduction to get.
- It's kind of neat.
- That's weird and kind of wonderful.
- It is a little weird too, yeah.
- But wonderful, yeah, very cool.
All right, one more quick follow-up.
Wagon Race, Alder says, "I know we don't want ads,
"but ads are the reason most stuff is free,
"or do you make donations to sites
that you block ads from.
I just wanted to comment on that real quick.
I understand that there's a lot of services
that do need support.
I mean, I was just listening to an interview
with the guys from The Verge.
They have a hundred person team at The Verge
working on stuff.
And yet, there is so much like collection
and triangulation of who you are and what you are
by these ad networks through like data brokers and behind the scene stuff that is just, it is a
plague on society. I mean, think about the 2016 election and the Facebook stuff. God, what was
that name of that company? Do you remember Brian? They were using all those things to basically,
that kind of information collected from those ad networks to target and manipulate people.
So it's not just about like, do I not really want to see this ad for a new program, programming book,
wherever it's, it's not, it's the fact that they're using these terrible third party networks
to deliver it. So for example, Brian, check this out. Python bites. FM, right? If we go here,
and we go to our episodes, and let's just pick one here. I got to zoom it back out a little bit.
There we go. Look, this one right here, it has an ad. That's
beam. There's an ad blocker on my VPN on the network. And
there's an ad block blocker in my browser. And right here, we
have an ad with no blocking, it shows up just fine. Do you know
why? Because we're not using an evil third party network.
There's no tracking, there's no retargeting. We show you things
from people who support us. We, we ask you to please check them
and at least consider it to support our show.
And yet there's as much ad blocking here
as there is on somewhere like CNN,
or you pick your spot.
These places have like 30, 40 different
tracking networks on you,
triangulating stuff and reselling it,
and it is a plague on society.
And if CNN wanted to show you ads,
they could do just what we do.
I'm sure they have better relationships
with advertisers than we do.
So Cambridge Analytica, thank you for letting me know.
So I'm not against ads.
I mean, to a large degree, we are ad supported.
I'm against people building behind the scenes information
and using it to manipulate society.
Bit of a rant, sorry, sorry, Brian,
if I went too far there.
- No, and some people just don't realize that,
that the ads are not just,
there's a product that we think that you might like
based on the content of this page.
That totally makes sense.
Like this, the people that are listening to Python Bytes,
They might be interested in Python or Microsoft Restarters
found or something.
Magazines used to be like this all the time, right?
So you buy a magazine, it's not tracking you
that whether or not you looked at something
or looked up somebody's website because of a magazine ad.
There's just stuff collected about you
that I don't think is necessary.
And I think like, for instance, Read the Docs
has like the ethical ads that they don't do tracking.
So yeah.
- Exactly.
And neither do we on purpose.
Probably we've had to turn down sponsors.
People said, we want to sponsor you,
but we need you to install this tracking thing
for your MP3 downloads.
We need to install this Facebook pixel
and these other things.
We're like, you know what?
We don't want your money.
Like, no, we're happy to sell your product
'cause it's irrelevant,
but we're not gonna spy on our users.
So thanks, but no thanks.
All right.
And Wagon Race, just a quick follow up.
says, "Thanks for the explanation.
"I do understand you better,
"and I'm glad you guys are big enough
"to have direct sponsors without trackers."
So are we, thank you.
Okay, with all that, let's flip the table
and make something, close it out with a joke.
What do you think, Brian?
- Yeah, I'm ready for something funny.
- All right, so this one comes from somebody
who had to go through this online multiple choice,
prove to me you know JavaScript test to be hired, okay?
And it says, so I got this wrong
because the person who typed in the question made a mistake.
So here, check this out.
It's one of these multi-choice question things.
It says, what is the result
of the function call shown below?
And it's just super simple JavaScript.
It's creating one of these little Lambda expressions here
and it has the equivalent of an F string,
an interpolated string is really the essence of it.
And it says console.log, open parenthesis,
this is important, as you would, open parenthesis,
quote, hi, my name is, you know, $curly first name,
close off the curly, and then it closes out
console.log instead of with the closing parenthesis
with a closing curly brace.
And so the options are like, hi, my name is John,
I'm logged into the console.
Hi, my name is undefined, I'm logged into the console.
And what the machine thought was the correct answer is,
hi, my name is John Jr.
'Cause that's the name of the variable,
the value variable.
I'm logged into console.
And you answered, uncaught syntax errors logged to console.
(laughing)
And like, no, wrong, it was supposed to say John Jr.
No, wrong, you typed it in wrong.
(laughing)
Wouldn't that be frustrating
if you're trying to apply for a job
and they put syntax errors in there
and you're like, nope.
'Cause they may be checking whether or not
you're finding that closing curly brace, right?
That's a legitimate test, I guess.
But no. - Yeah.
And I think it's fine that you don't get to work for them
because they're probably not someplace you wanna work for.
They've got syntax errors in their onboarding.
- Exactly.
- In their application process, but.
Oh, well.
Anyway, I thought that was pretty funny
and I'm sure people have been through the,
there's all these sort of weird,
go home and write this test or take this thing
to prove you know how to write code sort of things.
I'm sure people have been through it.
So they'll probably get a laugh out of this.
- Yeah, that's pretty funny.
- It was.
- Should we wrap it up?
- Let's.
- Cool, so thanks everybody for coming
and watching the show and also everybody that listens.
We love all of you and thanks Michael.
- Indeed, thank you everyone.
Thank you, Brian.
- Yeah, see you next week. - Bye.
[BLANK_AUDIO]